There's a reason he can't calm down
A case was reported abroad
A rich man has a lover outside
Then he started to dislike his wife constantly
But his wife doesn't want to divorce him
Then the rich man had to put his wife in a mental hospital
From then on, this woman can only suffer cruel torture in the dark
And treatment
Scary
Then the woman was saved
It was made into a movie.
That would cause a global sensation.
But this is just a case of being saved.
There are still many others who don't know and can't see
But that doesn't mean it doesn't exist
There are many similar cases in the country
I know, so what?
He is an adult
A former chairperson's wife
He knew what Cui Yan would do to him
So do you think he's calmed down?
He will only get more and more afraid
As he grew more and more afraid
When you can't stand it
Will take the initiative to come to us
Gao, Lawyer Tang, don't flatter me
Can you be honest?
Don't make me use special means no
Do you want to beat, scold or kill monsters?
Scold you
The little kid learned badly
It's glib.
Tang Lu, someone is taking pictures
It uses luminous 8K 8G double leak-proof.
Tracking up to 20 frames per second
So professional
Of course!
I learned it when I studied the case before
You are bluffing me
Who followed me in the middle of the night?
You might be following me, that's not true
One day, I asked mysteriously for a long time, a sentence of truth, we came out, do you not want to enter the door again?
Come on, Tang Lu
I just want to come in again I don't want to go anywhere why
because
I like someone
Who do you like?